Updates to improve tutorial usage experience (#141)
awslabs/crossplane-on-eks: bootstrap/terraform/README.md

### Prerequisites:
Ensure that you have installed the following tools in your Mac or Windows Laptop before start working with this module and run Terraform Plan and Apply
1. [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv2.html)
1. [Kubectl](https://Kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/)
1. [Terraform >=v1.0.0](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli)

### Troubleshooting

> 1. If terraform apply errors out in the middle of executing, try running the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If `terraform apply` errors out after creating the cluster when trying to apply the helm charts, try running the command:
```

git clone https://github.com/aws-samples/crossplane-aws-blueprints.git
```

> [!IMPORTANT]  

> > This tutorial only makes use of the `crossplane_upbound_aws_provider_enable` provider, so make sure to set the [`crossplane_aws_provider_enable`](https://github.com/awslabs/crossplane-on-eks/blob/main/bootstrap/terraform/main.tf#L59) to `false` in order to not overload the Kubernetes control plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This tutorial only makes use of the `crossplane_upbound_aws_provider_enable` provider, so make sure to set the [`crossplane_aws_provider_enable`](https://github.com/awslabs/crossplane-on-eks/blob/main/bootstrap/terraform/main.tf#L59) to `false` in order install only the necessary CRDs to the Kubernetes cluster.
```

## How to Destroy
The following command destroys the resources created by `terraform apply`

Step1: Delete resources created by Crossplane

Step2: Terraform Destroy

> 

Author: Since this is within the README for creating the EKS cluster, I thought cleaning up only what was made here would be within scope

> 

Reviewer: This is part of the crossplane-on-eks repo, so it is assumed you would deploy some Crossplane examples from the repo and those need to be cleaned up, otherwise the destroy script won't work.

echo "$(kubectl -n argocd get secret argocd-initial-admin-secret -o jsonpath="{.data.password}" | base64 -d)"
```

## Clean up

> 1. Delete resources created by Crossplane such as XRDs, Compositions, and Claims.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Delete resources created by Crossplane such as first Claims, then XRDs and Compositions.
```
